feat(curriculum): Add English tasks B1 Block 9 (#58353)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-share-your-opinion/678e4be2a53566beddaf22c0.md

---
id: 678e4be2a53566beddaf22c0
title: Task 56
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-56
---

<!-- (audio) Maria: I understand, but IntelliJ IDEA integrates well with various build tools. It also has built-in support for version control, which we rely on a lot. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and complete the sentence below.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`I understand, but IntelliJ IDEA integrates well with various BLANK. It also has BLANK support for BLANK, which we rely on a lot.`

## --blanks--

`build tools`

### --feedback--

> This phrase of two words means programs used to automate tasks like compiling code, running tests, and packaging applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This two-word phrase means programs used to automate tasks like compiling code, running tests, and packaging applications.
```

---

`built-in`

### --feedback--

This means that the feature is already included in the software, not requiring an additional installation or setup. This is a compound word. Remember to use `-`.

---

`version control`

### --feedback--

> This phrase of two words refers to the system used to manage and track changes made to code, allowing developers to collaborate and maintain different versions of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This two-word phrase refers to the system used to manage and track changes made to code, allowing developers to collaborate and maintain different versions of the project.
```
